Yo, I'm Pastor Tone, and today I want to talk about...
Promises.
So,
What is a promise?
The definition of promise is a dedication
Or assurance that one will do a particular thing or that particular thing will happen how many promises have you ever made in your life and you count on one hand maybe
Maybe both.
Or maybe you can use both hands and both feet to count how many promises you've made. Now, have you followed through with every promise that you've made?
Think about that for a second. I'm on BL on B.
Yeah, we're talking...
That'd be...
Shoot behind me, I'm in a
Oh no
Oh
I'm so sorry.
I don't know
What am i doing? Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
I'm gonna die!
Don't beat me! Just gonna beat me with that soul!
Damn.
Roll the choices, cool!
Cookie!
I was working on you stupid
That's just a little ball on it.
Alexa, how do you cook rice in five minutes?
The reality is that when we're making a promise to somebody we're really making a commitment to them that we're gonna follow through with our plans and that we're gonna
Do what they're expecting of us or what we told them that we're going to do so it's really our integrity that's on the line at this point right whether we're going to follow through or we're going to
fall out and people are known by their actions right so you're gonna be known as a person who follows through or person who falls out see the person that follows through
What's through is more reliable. The person that falls out all the time is not reliable and people don't want to be around that person, right? I know the biggest thing in my life that
What I've learned is that I don't want to make promises that I can't follow through with. Because if I can't follow through with them, I end up falling out. So when it comes
When it comes down to the Bible, let's check out a verse in Acts chapter 1 where Jesus may promise to his disciples. As we pick up in Acts chapter 1, it says, Let's pray.
In my first book I told you theophilus about everything Jesus began to do and teach until the day he was taken up to heaven after giving his chosen apostles
Apostles' further instructions through the Holy Spirit. During the 40 days after his crucifixion, he appeared to the apostles from time to time.
And he proved to them in many ways that he was actually alive.
And he talked to them about the kingdom of God.
"'Once he was eating with them, "'he commanded him to do not leave Jerusalem "'until the Father sends you the gift he promised, "'as I told you before. "'John baptized you with him.
With water.
But in just a few days you will be baptized with the Holy Spirit.
So when the apostles
For with Jesus, they kept asking him, Lord, has the time come for you to free Israel and restore her kingdom?
He replied,
1. The Father alone has set authority to those dates and times, and they are not for you to know, but you will receive the Holy Spirit. 2.
When it comes upon you.
And you will be my witnesses.
telling people about me everywhere in Jerusalem, throughout Judea, and Samaria, and to the ends of the earth. So, that's a lot to unpack right there.
But I want to pay attention to our key verse this morning, which is verse 8.
And again, it says, But you will receive power when the Holy Spirit comes upon you, and you will be my witnesses, telling people about me every day.
everywhere in Jerusalem throughout Judea and Samaria into the ends of the earth so what does that mean for us
That was a big promise that Jesus made, right? But it was so profound because the disciples were just so sad. They didn't know what they were going to do without their Jesus, right?
And so Jesus said this. He was like, guys, look.
I'm going to give you my spirit. The same thing that is in me is going to be given to you. You will receive that because you believe in me.
you
So the big thing that I want you guys to capture here right now is that God's word is
is God's bond.
Right? God's word is God's bond. Have you ever heard that for word is bond or you know what I'm saying? My word is my bond. You know, people say that word.
That over and over again. But do they really mean it? Well, in this case, Jesus meant every year.
A bit of it, right? God's word is his bond. He said, you will receive the Holy Spirit, right?
You will receive the Holy Spirit because you have believed in me and you will go out and you will witness to all of Judea and all of Samaria and to the end.
He ends of the earth, just like it says in Matthew 28, where it says, go out and make disciples of all the nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit.
In the Holy Spirit, right? He said this before and he said it again just before he ascended into heaven, right? And he ascended up straight into the clouds, right?
Right?
If you have to make that appointment for them just to let them know that he is the one true God over here, remember that God's word is God's bond and love.
And lastly,
Lastly.
And remember that promise. Remember that you will receive the Holy Spirit. Amen.
And even receive the Holy Spirit because you have believed in Jesus Christ. And furthermore, because we want to be in Christ's likeness, because we want to be
Being like Jesus, we have to keep to our promises that we make because it is a sign of integrity and we've got to keep going.
to our promises.
So that's all I have for today, guys. I hope you were able to gain a fresh perspective on this or at least understand my thoughts on this scripture. And guys, I hope you have a wonderful day.
Wonderful day. Enjoy your Sunday.
Love.
Peace in chicken grease.